two looks not good not good welcome back
guys we are here with a Drake moon video
we are going to do this fast we are
going to do this simple and less we get
really really lucky and can sell some
and buy some more we have fifty dollars
we're going to do one simple thing we're
gonna scroll down here to drake case and
we are gonna do not only one two three
afford we're gonna do five or fifty
dollars in one spin can we get anything
insane there's a lot of stuff here i
want i want this kill confirmed I want
this hyper based I want this little
space I want this hyper base I want this
recon marine wrench on what is front
side messing with his ways and rubella
want this or am i kinda want a red line
it is profitable i do not know i don't
know i do not know I do not know I do
not know I don't know why I said 500 for
five times but at it oh now this one I
absolutely not gonna watch but we're
probably gonna get a line like this 5 in
1 10 I would never use straight moon
again but I know that's not gonna happen
so we will use red moon again so what
you guys ready are you psyched I know I
am can we get anything at all can we
make profit can we get something these
that I can withdraw and use in-game or
sell or maybe give away let's go we are
prepared let's go let's pray to game it
notice is not gay but this is great move
let's just go come on anything at all
let's see some red iphone rate Orion
Orion two books not good not good what
there's not even one fucking profit at
what the fuck just happened what oh my
god and we can't even afford preach it
that's just fucked up 5k is not one of
them with rocket so even one of them by
kelis Dublin is flying before the lime
after helis i'm i'm actually sell this
we gonna one more i'm going to keep the
Hydra beasts let's go in come on fellow
love I think I have something air
himself I think so we can open to a few
guys yep let's get rid of these high too
because they are not the possible at the
moment come on where are you fucking
great case you fucked me over all over
come on anything at all anything we
haven't made one stop again not even one
drop it that's the hyper base that's a
hyper base fuck yeah there we go Jesus I
thought we were going to make no profit
at all this you can now share a common
extremely short kind of no swearing I
can say fuck here heck yeah that is what
we're gonna leave post this there we go
we are here I'm gonna kind of yag humble
myself whoo but we still got fucked by
these cases thing open anything else
let's go far with these five of these
because I want to kill confirmed and
this one has to kill confirmed as you've
seen in my previous video go check out
the energy me come on anything at all
anything at all that by kitty we got a
desk all will check this likes like wow
we got the death by kitty that was one
of those we look for there we go four
dollars left we can open die I think 18
case can open this one okay let's go
many kids I want the fire service would
be a dream let's just do this
come on the red one how to fund it a
good one anything vulcain stop stop stop
stop now or the fucking emerald styles
and one dollar and we're going to go
chase that dream of our USB can confirm
the last days kambli of the day no why
are we going to need to do it just what
about the fuck this Theresa knows oh my
god so that's where let's open this one
come on we get the few people that would
always buy the place now we get them
with you 96 kin and it's worked for the
6am so we can change that 45 blaze come
on come on come on nice nice nice nice
legal very nice try the reason we can't
actually for one more Wow have anything
so I can't even see this going to work
I'm gettin a riot exactly what we want
them out ten cents congratulations well
thank you guys watching that was six
dollars down the drain with of course in
love with some actually $42 it's not
fifty dollars down the drain that's much
better than what I figure out we got the
type of bees that's actually kind of a
sick opening for fifty dollars so just
disagree try yourself you're going to
get some nice skins and I think you will
enjoy it so well just right pleasley
like calm down below what do you think
about site if you have any more like and
maybe share a video I appreciate any
kind before
kind of feedback you are my legends that
I will always love you thank you for
watching